FF115Relnote: Response: json() static method supported (#27289)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/115/index.md

### APIs

> - The [`Response: json()` static method](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response/json_static) is now supported, making it easer to construct {{domxref("Response")}} objects for returning JSON data.

Reviewer: Your version is good, minor reword if you think it's an improvement:

```suggestion
- The [`Response: json()` static method](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Response/json_static) is now supported, which allows for directly creating a JSON object as a {{domxref("Response")}} body.
```

Author: @bsmth Unfortunately it doesn't feel accurate. The JSON object is encoded in the response body, but you aren't creating a JSON object as a response body.

The value here is that a Response is used to return arbitrary data to a request. This particular method allows you to create a response particularly configured for JSON. YOu could do this manually, but this saves you some time/makes it easier. 

Upshot, I'm going to merge mine as correct.

BUT you felt it necessary to comment, so obviously something about it didn't feel right. Happy to continue the conversation if you have other ideas.

Reviewer: >The value here is that a Response is used to return arbitrary data to a request. This particular method allows you to create a response particularly configured for JSON. YOu could do this manually, but this saves you some time/makes it easier.

Gotcha! I was attracted to rewording "making it easier", but your version is good, let's go with that (spotted `making it easer`, I'll get a tidy-up PR for it shortly).
